Good afternoon dear friends
Season balcony I sit on the balcony let's
take another little sketch
I'm sitting on the run on the balcony a good day
good and pilaf heat
The truth in Moscow problems have pigeons
pigeons started newcastle disease this
pigeon plague plane lands
look
and dear friends fell and did not break
Here is such a bottle from the thick
thick glass era fool nuts this they
I rode he rode well, so you know it happens
he rode the most restrained reposado and
form or seller here it was driving
blunt pipe brought before the new year of
mexici here note me
they asked about the color
which give a barrel and about the taste here
here here is a little bit a little bit over
can i don't he do you
tasting there is very rare for a glass
judge me just such a mood here
notice the color you see he
different it is different from color
which colors distillate caramel
but he is different it is completely different
hue is such a light straw color
we pour
here are the lotions you see here I want
say about this so its on the nose and it tastes
here
take a small mouthful in your mouth
language support by roll here
felt the taste of the barrel dear friends
here is a barrel the taste of a barrel is impossible
not to be confused with anything impossible understand
if you tried real distillate
which was aged in a barrel you taste
barrels will learn well firstly colors
the second is the main taste the taste of the barrel you
learn here
always barrel and and felt
and here it is a real distillate
aged in oak barrels here such
colors it should be if its not
paint caramel that's so small
sketch dear friends
on the example of tequila and rainbow
they rode
goodbye dear friends to new
meetings subscribe to the channel
distillation from the hall goodbye